Add precision on issuer not processing certain batched token requests (#40)
ietf-wg-privacypass/ietf-draft-privacypass-batched-tokens: draft-ietf-privacypass-batched-tokens.md

<Bytes containing the BatchTokenResponse>
~~~

> If the Issuer issues some tokens but not all, it MUST return an HTTP 206 to the
> client and continue processing further requests.
> For instance, an Issuer MAY return an HTTP 206 if all tokens do not refer to the
> same cryptographic material, such as `truncated_token_key_id` for token type
> 0x0001 or token type 0x0002.
> 
> If the Issuer does not issue any tokens, it MUST return an HTTP 400 to the
> client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Issuer issues some but not all tokens, it MUST return an HTTP 206 error
to the client and continue processing subsequent requests.
For instance, an Issuer MAY return an HTTP 206 error if requests for tokens of 
the same token type refer to more than one `truncated_token_key_id`.

If the Issuer decides not to issue any tokens, it MUST return an HTTP 400 to the
client.
```
